CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?
"Weekly Checkup"

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?
    I will create a weekly Checkup. Where I can every week analyse how was my week based on my goals.
    It will be divided on sections, like spiritual, work, health, family.
    On the end it will analyse  my inputs, Show me the percentage of each section, show a dashboard according to my answers, 
    congratulate me on what I did well and suggest a section that I should work on next week.

3. What will you learn from developing this program?
    Use tkinter, and use lists and dictionaries, functions

4. What Python modules will your program use?
    tkinter, datetime, pytest

    (Some examples are: csv, datetime, functools, matplotlib, math,
    pandas, pytest, random, requests, and tkinter.)


5. List the names of functions you will need?
    main
    start
    show_section
    submit_answers
    calulate_percentage
    analyse_section
    analyse_week
    show_dashboard
    end


    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

6. List the names of the test functions you will write.
    test_start
    test_show_section
    test_submit_answers
    test_calulate_percentage
    test_analyse_section
    test_analyse_week
    test_show_dashboard
    test_end
    